{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Plan for Milestone 1 Project: Presentation of Static Data\
\
Purpose: \
\
To demonstrate to the user that anxiety in the population has increased since the pandemic.\
\
This site will have:\
1. Introduction\
2. Bar-charts showing statistics, with a hover animation effect for each section that changes the opacity of the after pandemic statistic to show from 0 opacity to 50% opacity.\
3. Tips on how to manage anxiety\
4. Sign-posting to help sites and phone lines to help manage anxiety\
\
5. Enquiry Form with a radio button as a poll which allows the user to select if they have been battling with anxiety. And if yes, if it was worse before, during or after the lockdowns.\
\
Requirements:\
\
1 Content:\
\
Data from government website:\
https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/covid-19-mental-health-and-wellbeing-surveillance-report/3-triangulation-comparison-across-surveys\
\
Tips on managing Anxiety: https://www.healthline.com/health/mental-health/how-to-cope-with-anxiety\
\
Document for signposting.\
\
Embed Mindfulness video: moving clouds https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBB4lnsH2b0 Or watching the ocean https://www.healthline.com/health/mental-health/how-to-cope-with-anxiety-or  fireplace video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQocpm-Jh-o\
\
\
Feedback Form Plan:\
\
Name, Age, State/County, Country, Ethnicity, Have anxiety? Checkbox y/n, Getting support? Checkbox y/n, Anxiety Meter (radio buttons): Before pandemic 1 to 10, During pandemic 1 to 10, After pandemic 1 to 10, Now: 1 to 10.\
\
2. Design: Wireframe - Adobe. Pexels: free images.\
		Colours: pale yellow and light blue. Yellow: happiness, prosperity, hope. Blue: Calmness, logical, tranquility.\
\
Development: Html, css, bootstrap. Gitpod. VS code. Git repository.\
\
3. Documentation including readme file, spec sheet, timeline for project stages. Estimated time 1 week.\
\
\
4. Subdomain name to post for extra\'92s}